Update add-to-app iOS instructions (#6081)
flutter/website: src/docs/development/add-to-app/ios/project-setup.md

```ruby
pod 'Flutter', :podspec => 'some/path/MyApp/Flutter/[build mode]/Flutter.podspec'
```
{{site.alert.note}}

>   You need to hard code `[build mode]` value.
>   For example, you can use `Debug` if you need to use `flutter attach` and `Release` when you're ready to ship.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You must hard code  the `[build mode]` value.
  For example, use `Debug` if you need to use
  `flutter attach` and `Release` when you're ready to ship.
```
